EPISODE 13
It's okay.
Get another long-distance attacker.
It'll be faster.
Okay, I'll put a call out to the clan.
Someone will come.
Anyone want to off Underworld Granny?
Two spots, one shooter and one anything.
Two spots?
Yaoyao and I will be right over.
The weather is terrible today.
Let's call it a day.
No...
What's today? Today, we don't kill.
That's no good.
My stomach hurts! I think I have the runs.
Why doesn't the power go out now?
No, I have to say something.
Somebody has to break
the awkward silence.
Does anyone want out?
Leishen Nini is in our clan.
Why should we leave?
She and Yixiao Naihe should go.
Team up.
Underworld Cave is a six-layer
tree hollow.
The boss of Underworld Cave
is Underworld Granny,
with her male lovers.
The first level is easier.
"Nie Xiaoqian Calling for Help"
is a test of our caliber.
The four levels after are manned
by Underworld Granny's male lovers.
If we send the male lovers running,
we'll reach Underworld Granny
at the last level.
At the last level,
Underworld Granny and her male lovers
will fight together.
I was a respectable woman,
when Underworld Granny
abducted me to this cave,
and made me seduce men for her enjoyment.
I'm grateful
heroes and heroines like you
have come to rescue me.
But I have to test your chops,
in case you can't beat Ghost Granny,
and die for me in vain.
- Help, Zhenshui!
- You should hide.
With your stellar skills,
I'm sure you can beat Underworld Granny,
and rescue innocent folks like me.
I'll lead the way.
Help!
Zhenshui, I was so scared!
Why are the monsters all after me?
- Stay close to me.
- Okay.
Zhenshui, you're amazing.
You save me every time.
What kind of positioning is that?
That's awful! Running around,
drawing out monsters.
If it weren't for you and Naihe,
our team would've been crushed.
It's fine. We'll take them on
all the same.
I wonder if we can beat
the last level today?
Don't worry. Naihe is here, isn't he?
Right?
Weiwei, I don't envy them at all.
I envy you and Naihe.
That proves you have good judgment.
I have no reply for that.
We're about to reach the last level.
Be careful now.
Underworld Granny is creepy.
If a female player dies,
the system announces
the player died in battle.
If a male player dies,
the player is announced as having
become Underworld Granny's male lover.
Our two male players should watch out.
Heroes and heroines, straight ahead
is Underworld Granny's lair.
That place is full of traps.
I'm afraid to go.
You can go ahead without me.
I'll be leaving now.
The last level is the old woman.
Who'll be in command?
Usually the player with the highest grade
commands the team.
It's okay. This instance dungeon's
difficulty is average.
Lord is harsh.
Zhenshui was going to take the command,
but after what he said,
it'd be hard for Zhenshui to volunteer.
Otherwise, it'd seem like
he's taking advantage of Lord.
I'll do it,
since the difficulty is average.
Another pretty face?
Let me have a taste of you!
She is creepy.
A nymph is in charge?
Don't you know I prefer male flesh?
I'll show you
what Underworld Ghost Granny is made of!
Why did she release monsters
without warning? I wasn't ready!
A female player in the lead
will increase her hatred points,
and monsters will initiate attack.
That's right. I forgot to tell you.
It's fine. I'm used to this creepy game.
Xiaoyu Yaoyao, increase your blood points.
Yinyang Bedlam!
All of my magic has gone dark.
Give me blood, fast!
Naihe?
Doctor, try to dodge attacks.
Once you're hit
I can't improve your condition.
A taste of your own medicine!
Why target me?
Enrich the yin with yang!
Get rid of the nimble male lover.
That skill is so annoying.
- Take charge.
- Okay.
Why? Take out the little monster first.
We'll take one at a time.
Rewards of these rescue instance dungeons,
are determined by the number of survivors.
The male lovers were lured by
Underworld Ghost Granny.
We're rescuing them,
so we can't kill them.
- Archer!
- Got it!
You two work well together.
Awesome! We're about to crack this.
If I use an ultimate to take out the boss,
Zhenshui Wuxiang and Xiaoyu Yaoyao
may not be revived in time.
Amazing! Weiwei,
your Lord is incredible!
How did he do that in such a short time?
He revived Zhenshui and Yaoyao!
He's so magnanimous, so manly!
Nini, we're leaving.
Call me, if you need anything.
If I'm not around, you can look for Naihe.
What? Can I, really?
Yes.
Okay, we're leaving.
Wait! We haven't split up the reward.
It's okay.
Why did you save Zhenshui and Xiaoyu?
Don't you think they'll feel worse,
being saved by me?
Okay, you've convinced me.
What do we do next?
Hold on. I'm on the phone.
On the phone?
Don't tell me, you were on the phone,
while we were fighting the boss?
Yes.
How do you maneuver with one hand?
Headphones.
That's right, you can be on the phone
with headphones.
I'm so silly.
Go take your call.
He was on the phone while playing,
and he delivered such great maneuvers.
I think the skills of Lord
are extraordinary.
I see.
See you in two days.
Right, I should hurry up and finish
the gift for Lord.
I hope I can make super equipment.
It's time to boost my standing.
Weiwei?
Are you done?
Yes, I'll go on a business trip
in two days.
Look at this.
Looks like the department belle was here.
Say, if Ashuang finds out
this all-male sanctuary
has been dirtied by Mrs. Nai,
will it kill his ability
to write programs?
That's for sure.
Listen, I'm going to tell him,
we've all stayed single,
because of this guy.
Nai,
Zhenyi hasn't contacted me since.
Do you think they found out
I've pledged to give myself to you?
Bro, you're so bad with idioms.
Will you stop already?
I'm seriously intrigued.
How did you get into Qing University?
With this, of course.
Fine...
Zhenyi stopped contacting you,
because Fengteng stepped in.
They backed off so easily?
That's boring. I was hoping
Nai would do something to Zhenyi.
Fengteng gave us pretty good feedback
on the mobile game.
We should get a clear answer tomorrow.
So, our imperative
is to get the rights to develop
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
Mrs. Nai sold the video
and got rare monsters for us.
Fengteng seems to love this idea.
If we use this as leverage,
would it help the collaboration?
It's not a decisive concept.
It won't sway Fengteng's decision.
The gameplay of marriage by abduction
can be super complex and interesting.
It needs the support
of a more powerful engine,
to further demonstrate our advantage.
We're prepared. Zhenyi is not.
Of course, it also made Weiwei happy.
Now I get it.
That was the real point.
We must secure the right
to develop "A New Chinese Ghost Story"
when you visit Fengteng this time.
By any means necessary.
No problem, Mr. Zhen. Don't worry.
Our R&D capabilities are obvious to all.
I'm 100 percent confident,
we'll get this project.
But I hear Zhiyi Tech
has expressed interest, too.
- What? Those college kids?
- Yes.
Aren't they trying to bite off
more than they can chew?
Well, to be on the safe side,
I'll go with you this time.
Prepare some gifts.
- Send them to Fengteng's CEO, Mr. Wang.
- Got it.
You can covertly raise the kickback, too.
Okay.
Profit is secondary for this project.
The key is to use Fengteng Technology,
to elevate our status
in the gaming industry
and expand our influence.
I'm sure
when the collaboration is announced,
our stock price will go up.
When that happens,
we'll get everything back.
Got it, Mr. Zhen.
Zhen Shaoxiang!
I put you here at the office to learn,
not to play on your phone!
Look at you!
Even your younger cousin is more mature.
I was listening! Isn't it about the right
to develop "A New Chinese Ghost Story"?
If we get this project,
it'll expand our influence.
We'll sell, when the stock price goes up.
What's so hard about it?
Hey...
All you talk is nonsense.
You're coming with me tomorrow.
Fengteng is holding
a very important banquet tomorrow night.
All the business leaders will attend.
You're coming with me, to meet them.
Dad, I have an exam tomorrow.
I'll go next time.
I don't get Xiao Nai.
What does Bei Weiwei have
that Yiran doesn't?
She's beautiful and talented.
Plus, she met Xiao Nai first.
Who met whom first isn't the point.
Yiran is too naive.
She's not as manipulative as Bei Weiwei.
It's all your roommate's fault.
You took too many detours.
Can I still get back on track?
Sure, but you're not to take
the initiative.
You're to use your elegance and beauty,
to attract him into pursuing you.
That's the right track.
Your roommate's ideas
of chasing him around
were below you and totally inappropriate.
You should know who you are.
You're a well-to-do girl,
not a common girl, like Bei Weiwei.
That makes sense, Yiran.
Why don't you listen to Ai Chanel?
Attend Fengteng's banquet.
Use every opportunity you have
to make contact with Xiao Nai.
Remember, be yourself.
Show off your positive traits.
Do not make the first move, by any means.
He will notice you.
Your flight's at nine,
and you're having breakfast on campus?
It's seven now.
School's breakfast is delicious.
But you're about to graduate.
They'll take away your cafeteria card,
and you won't be able to dine here.
You have one.
What if I don't lend it to you?
Then I'll have to be a freeloader.
Use my parents' cards.
How can you be so blunt
about being a freeloader?
I have Professor Xiao's class today.
It's the last class of the semester.
Um... Does he know about us?
Oh.
What does "oh" mean?
Is that a yes or no?
We're turning in our term paper today.
Will he be there?
He wasn't going to, but he will.
That means he knows?
I should've asked you to look at my paper.
If my paper's bad
will he have a bad impression of me?
This is a straightforward thing.
You don't need to be nervous.
- How?
- Just... Pretend you don't know him.
Did you see that girl? How is she?
Exceptional.
This is her paper. You can take a look.
Nice penmanship.
And her logic is very precise.
She's probably quite smart.
That's very nice.
Their department chair's house
is next to ours.
She's very strict
with the female students.
If she thinks she's good, then she's good.
I knew Xiao Nai was up to something.
When he suddenly showed up to my class,
he sat right next to that girl.
Our son takes after neither you nor me.
When you fell for me,
you kept your feelings hidden
for five or six years.
What do you mean?
You were the one who fell for me, okay?
You kept your feelings hidden for
five or six... No, eight or nine years!
I thought it would kill you.
That's why I approached you.
Don't flatter yourself!
You would've cried if I turned you down.
What's this nonsense?
Do you have any evidence?
Enough... Don't beat a dead horse.
Who does our son take after anyway?
He's got a girlfriend
right out of college.
That's not like either of us.
Maybe us two negatives
make a positive?
That's probably it.
Excuse me!
Lord may not be here,
but you don't have to sigh,
when you eat with us.
I wasn't, I was just thinking,
there are so many people,
will there be any food left for us?
Weiwei, how's your progress
with Lord?
- Meeting parents.
- So soon?
Kidding!
We've only known each other for a week.
How can we progress so fast?
I meant, I just had
Professor Xiao's class today.
You two sealed the deal
after meeting for two hours.
At this rate,
it's not odd to meet his parents,
after knowing him for a week.
I didn't meet his parents, I swear.
Why do I have to partake in this teasing?
No way!
Is Lord Xiao changing tactics,
and slowing down?
Maybe he's pulling
"the boiling frog" trick?
He must want a long-term relationship
with Weiwei.
So romantic!
- You're the frog.
- That must be the case.
Bring it to a boil, then simmer on low.
Sooner or later,
he'll swallow you, the frog.
I think Lord's game plan is
first a blitz then infiltration.
When are you going to engage
in a protracted struggle, Weiwei?
Right! First, it's howling winds
and torrential rain, to disorient you.
Then, it's light breeze
and drizzling rain, to make you dizzy.
What's the last kind of rain?
"Sex in the rain"?
Protracted struggle...
It's about performance and endurance...
Mrs. Nai, I'm Mo Zha Ta.
- Mo Zha Ta?
- Yes... It's me...
No way! That means he overheard
our conversation?
That's so embarrassing...
Didn't he say he had a dark tan?
- So, it's Mr. Girly!
- No!
Nice to meet you.
- It's Xiaoling's comedy hour again.
- He said, "Mulan, I love you."
"How did you know I'm a girl?"
- "What? You're a girl?"
- Is it that funny?
Can't you say something
Sisi will understand?
Your wife said something naughty to me.
Enjoy it. I don't mind.
He's totally on her side.
I'll get my revenge!
I thought you came for the mobile game.
I had no idea you have bigger ambitions.
You're interested in developing
"A New Chinese Ghost Story," too?
At the moment, mobile game's
gameplay and presentation
are still very limited.
We wouldn't stop at mobile games.
Our engine is designed for client games.
Fengteng Technology has shifted strategy.
The team behind "A Chinese Ghost Story"
has been transferred to the new market.
Only a maintenance team is left.
We weren't going to launch
"A New Chinese Ghost Story,"
but gamers have been pushing for us
to develop a new version.
We'd rather go without,
than settle for less.
Since your engine is already mature,
then I hope in three months' time,
you can give me a demonstration
that showcases your technical ability,
as well as a more detailed
business proposal,
development schedule,
and a budget plan.
I'm not asking too much, right?
It is asking a lot,
in such a short period of time.
But, we love to rise to the challenge.
Great! We'll wait and see.
As for the mobile game,
Fengteng wants exclusive rights.
If possible, five more percentage points
in terms of revenue share.
I hope you can consider it.
I have great trust
in Fengteng's distribution.
I especially admire Fengteng's
open attitude in terms of collaboration,
allowing each partner
to find the way that suits him best.
I get what you're saying.
What if we throw in Fengteng's superb
promotion resources?
Exclusive distribution for a year.
Mobile games only last for a year.
This offer is meaningless.
I have complete confidence in our product.
All right, it's a deal.
I will push to expedite the contracts.
It's late. The banquet is starting.
Shall we?
I'll introduce you to President Feng.
- Thanks, Mr. Wang.
- This way.
- Hello?
- Hello, Ms. Weiwei?
Are you super disappointed
it's not Nai calling?
Yes, I'm very disappointed.
I'll hang up now.
Don't...
Weiwei, log on
and send us the rare monsters!
No, you'll have to wait
until I'm done studying.
What's more,
it's wrong to distract a student
cramming for exams.
Ms. Weiwei, when Nai comes back,
he'll help you study.
He's already helping me.
Well... That's great...
A lovey-dovey comeback again.
Well then, Weiwei,
we wish you success in the study session.
We won't bother you now.
Remember to send us the rare monsters.
Okay, you guys just wait
in my and Naihe's home.
I wonder how Lord's
business trip is going?
Stop it. Focus on studying.
Okay, go ahead.
All right.
Okay, I get it.
Your wife bullied me.
Looks like you're all having fun,
while I'm gone.
Okay, I understand.
I just heard,
Mr. Zhen from Zhenyi Tech
is attending the banquet, too.
They also seem to be very confident
about "A New Chinese Ghost Story."
I hear there's a bit of animosity
between you and Mr. Zhen?
He's more senior in the industry
we both call home.
It was my honor to get to know him.
Good. That's a great attitude, young man.
Ms. Meng,
your clothes are ready.
If you need anything, do let us know.
Hurry up, Yiran.
Okay, give me 15 more minutes.
- Mr. Zhen, it's time.
- Okay.
Yiran, we're heading down first.
Join us later.
It's the banquet hall on the third floor.
Got it, Uncle. You guys go ahead.
Mr. Xiao, let me introduce you.
This is Mr. He, product director
of "A Chinese Ghost Story."
He, this is Xiao Nai,
the CEO of Zhiyi Tech.
- Mr. He.
- Mr. Xiao.
The mobile game we just signed
was developed by their team.
You two should get to know each other.
Also,
Mr. Xiao is interested in developing
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
Mr. Xiao is so young.
You remind me of myself, a few years back.
Mr. Wang still loves to
invest in young people.
We talked to Mr. Wang yesterday.
The situation isn't ideal.
He seems a bit inflexible.
He can't make all the decisions.
The game's original manager is key.
Try to talk to others.
Okay, I'll talk to Mr. He in a bit.
Don't wait. Let's go over now.
Okay.
Mr. Wang! Mr. He!
When did you get here, Mr. Zhen?
I didn't see you, when I got here.
Such an eagle eye, Mr. Wang.
You noticed that I was a little late.
Isn't this Mr. Xiao from Zhiyi?
What a coincidence to run into you here!
I heard your mobile game has reached
an agreement with Mr. Wang?
You're well informed.
This collaboration will transform you.
You'll no longer be the team
that could be bought with three million.
Three million?
Mr. Zhen is known in the industry
for his generosity.
We're newcomers,
startled by Mr. Zhen's offer.
We were worried about disappointing,
so we never reached a deal.
Entertain our guests.
I'll take Mr. Xiao to meet President Feng.
This way, please.
President Feng!
This is Xiao Nai,
CEO of Zhiyi Tech,
whom I've told you about.
He's the top student from
Qing University's computer department.
Mr. Xiao, this is President Feng.
Nice to have finally met you,
President Feng.
Mr. Xiao is much younger
than I anticipated.
Yes, I'd worried Mr. Xiao was too young,
but I've been very impressed,
both in terms of the mobile game
and the proposal for
"A New Chinese Ghost Story."
What's more, Mr. Xiao is also
very knowledgeable in system security.
So, you're also interested in
developing "A New Chinese Ghost Story"?
"A Chinese Ghost Story" is a quality game.
I hope to expand upon the fine basis
built by those before us.
My wife plays this game, too.
So she's invested in the project.
I haven't been happy with
a number of proposals so far.
I look forward to be moved by you.
You won't be disappointed.
I can't wait.
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan